Homepage update (#39)
valkey-io/valkey-io.github.io: index.markdown

sectionid: homepage

download_ctas:
  - text: Get Valkey
    url: "/download/"

docs:
    url: '/docs/'
    title: "Read the docs"

repos_heading: "Featured repositories"
github_org: "https://github.com/valkey-io"
github_org_text: "All repos in the Valkey GitHub organization"

headline: "Valkey: an open source, in-memory data store"

long_description: ""
    
sidebar:
    -
        title: Founding documents
        links:
            -
                title: 'Linux Foundation Launches Open Source Valkey Community'
                url: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/press/linux-foundation-launches-open-source-valkey-community

---

> Valkey provides your applications with rich yet uncomplicated, high-performance data storage. Valkey is operationally flexible: you can run it as a **standalone** daemon or in a **cluster**, with options for **replication** and **high availability**. It was built from the ground up to operate **in-memory** to **reduce latency** and **increase throughput** for both reads and writes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valkey is an open source (BSD) high-performance key/value datastore that supports a variety workloads such as **caching**, **message queues**, and can act as a **primary database**.
Valkey can run as either a **standalone** daemon or in a **cluster**, with options for **replication** and **high availability**.
```

> In Valkey, data is accessed with keys and you model your information into **data structures**. You can operate on data structures in-place with a expressive collection of commands: no need for extra round trips or client process. Valkey has support for **strings**, **numbers**, **hashes**, **lists**, **sets**, **sorted sets**, **bitmaps**, **hyperloglogs** and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You operate on data structures in-place with a expressive collection of commands: no need for extra round trips or client process. Valkey has support for **strings**, **numbers**, **hashes**, **lists**, **sets**, **sorted sets**, **bitmaps**, **hyperloglogs** and more.
Valkey also supports native extensibility with built-in scripting support for **LUA** and supports plugins to create new commands, data types, and more.
```

Cut a sentence, and also suggest attaching the extensibility here.

> You can also use Valkey to structure and distribute messages with the fire-and-forget simplicity of **built-in pub/sub messaging**. Valkey also has **streams**, a log-like structure that allows you to durably process information with multiple producers and across many consumers with a poll-free, zero wait mechanism. 
> 
> You can script Valkey with a **built-in Lua** interpreter to optimize and finely control complex operations. 
> It also has a built-in **module extensibility API** that enables you to create new data types and commands that can exploit the full power of the storage engine and protocol.
> 
> Valkey commands operate atomically and you can ensure atomicity across multiple keys and commands with **lock-free transactions**.
> 
> You can use Valkey as a **database**, **cache**, **message broker**, and **message queue** as well as a storage engine for **session management**, **leaderboards**, **rate limiters**, and **real-time analytics workloads**.

Reviewer: Everything here has been merged earlier in my suggestion, so suggest cutting.
```suggestion
```

---

Valkey provides your applications with rich yet uncomplicated, high-performance data storage. Valkey is operationally flexible: you can run it as a **standalone** daemon or in a **cluster**, with options for **replication** and **high availability**. It was built from the ground up to operate **in-memory** to **reduce latency** and **increase throughput** for both reads and writes.

> In Valkey, data is accessed with keys and you model your information into **data structures**. You can operate on data structures in-place with a expressive collection of commands: no need for extra round trips or client process. Valkey has support for **strings**, **numbers**, **hashes**, **lists**, **sets**, **sorted sets**, **bitmaps**, hyperloglogs** and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Valkey, data is accessed with keys and you model your information into **data structures**. You can operate on data structures in-place with a expressive collection of commands: no need for extra round trips or client process. Valkey has support for **strings**, **numbers**, **hashes**, **lists**, **sets**, **sorted sets**, **streams**, hyperloglogs** and more.
```
Streams are more important than bitmaps imo.
